1.Explain DAX.

A. DAX is a collection of functions, operators, and constants that can be used in a formula, or expression, to calculate and return one or more values. 
Stated more simply, DAX helps you create new information from data already in your model.

2.Explain datasets, reports, and dashboards and how they relate to each other?
Dataset - is plays a key role in the report, dashboardsvisualization. these three are inter related to each one of them.
REPORT - A Report is a multi-perspective view of a dataset, with visuals representing different findings and insights.
A report can have one visual or pages full of visuals.
DASHBOARD - Dashboard is the final out put for entire dataset, report visualization. which is provided to clints from the organization.


3.How reports can be created in power BI, explain two ways with Navigation of each?
Power BI Desktop includes a Report view, where you can create any number of report pages with visualizations. Report view in Power BI Desktop 
provides a similar design experience to the report's editing view in the Power BI service. You can move visualizations around, copy and paste, merge, and so on.
The difference between them is when using Power BI Desktop, you can work with your queries and model your data to make sure your data supports the best insights
 in your reports. You can then save your Power BI Desktop file wherever you like, whether it's your local drive or to the cloud.
 
 4.How to connect to data in Power BI? How to use the content pack to connect to google analytics? Mention the steps.
a. In Power BI Desktop, select Get data from the Home ribbon tab.
b.In the Get Data window, select Online Services from the categories in the left pane.
c.Select Google Analytics from the selections in the right pane.
d.At the bottom of the window, select Connect.

5.How to import Local files in Power BI? Mention the Steps.
a. In Power BI Desktop, select Get data from the Home ribbon tab.
b.In the Get Data window, select Online Services from the categories in the left pane.
c.Select local files from the selections in the right pane.
d.At the bottom of the window, select open.

6.In Power BI visualization, what are Reading View and Editing view?
The Power BI service has two different modes for interacting with reports: Reading view for report business users and Editing view for report owners and creators.

